( Horn honking )
I'm Alex Mack.
I was just an average kid
until an accident
changed my life.
And since then...
Nothing's been the same.
( Zapping )
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
My best friend Ray
thinks it's cool.
My sister Annie
thinks I'm a science project.
I can't let anyone else know.
Not even my parents.
I know the Chemical Plant
wants to find me
and turn me into
some experiment.
But you know something?
I guess
I'm not so average anymore.
( Birds chirping )
( Dog barking in distance )
Oh, no.
Yeah...
Maybe you should get up.
Your alarm went off
an hour ago.
Mom told Ray not
to wait for you.
Sorry... I overslept.
I want to see you
after school, Alex.
( Electrical zapping )
So, this is
supposed to
stimulate his brain waves?
Exactly, but with Dave
I'm not sure how much
there is to stimulate.
I'm just hoping
one of these jolts
will shake
something loose.
( Zapping )
This is worth a try,
Vince
but we should stop
before we do serious damage.
Aw, do I have to?
Yes, we may need him
later.
Oh, David,
you back with us?
Yeah.
I assume you have
nothing for us.
You can go home now.
Wait, Vince,
I think I got an idea.
Can't be sure, though.
It doesn't happen often.
Yeah, well,
make it quick.
Miss Atron
is very busy.
We know the kid
goes to the Junior High
or high school, right?
That's good, Dave.
Major progress here.
So instead of us doing
the surveillance on each kid
why don't we have the teachers
do it for us?
Who gets closer
to the kids
than the teachers?
Using the school system
could add legitimacy
to our search.
It could help us enormously.
I like it.
The future of GC-161
depends on
finding that student
and the future of this company
depends on GC-161.
I want a full plan laid out
and I want to know
how to approach it
without raising any questions.
Good work, don.
That's Dave.
Remember... when Spain
was under attack
from Franco and the fascists
volunteers
from over 50 countries
organized international brigades
to help fight them.
Think about that, class.
Volunteers who
weren't even Spanish
men and women
courageously
risking their lives for
a principle they believed in.
Have any of you ever
had to stand up for something
that you believed
so strongly in?
Yes, Ray?
I publicly protested
in the cafeteria
about the soggy fries.
( Class laughing )
That's a start, Raymond.
In your own way,
you're making this world
a better place
to live. Alex?
Our lives aren't
like that, Miss Clark.
We don't have a war going on
and there really isn't
too much stuff to stand up for.
Is Alex right, class?
Maybe, but for homework
this week
read more
about the Spanish Civil War
and compare it
with your own lives.
( Class bell ringing ) And see if
sometimes you don't exhibit unusual courage.
I bet you do.
Oh, and, Alex?
Don't forget, after school.
Okay... so, uh...
Each of the teachers
will fill out this form
telling us if they've
seen anything unusual
in their students.
Would you shut up?
One good idea stimulated
by a brain machine
and now you think
you're some kind
of genius.
Thanks, Vince.
I hate you.
Alex: I can't believe
she's the only teacher I like
and she's
the only teacher
I get in trouble with.
If you can make
history interesting
you know you're good.
She's a great
track coach, too.
Think she'll call
your parents?
( Sighs )
I guess I'll find out.
Miss Atron and P.V.C.P.
Have decided to sponsor
the Paradise Valley
child-of-the-year program.
Ah, sounds great.
Yes, at P.V. Chemical
we're very connected
to our community
and feel that by finding
exceptional children
and entering them
in national competitions
we can raise the awareness
of our great town.
And we assume
that you always
have your eyes open
for any child exhibiting
any extraordinary abilities
or talents.
I always do.
( Chuckles )
Good.
Well, all
you have to do
is fill out a form
for each child
and leave
the rest to us.
Any problems
with it?
Why would I have
any problems?
It sounds wonderful.
Miss Atron greatly appreciates
your participation.
Have a, uh,
productive day
Miss Clark.
Hi, Miss Clark.
Alex.
I have something very serious
I need to talk to you about.
Miss Clark, let me explain.
You're my favorite teacher
and I'm not just saying that.
But I promise
I'll never be late again.
Well, I'm very happy
to hear that.
But I wanted to talk to you
about something else:
The track team.
The track team?
Do you have any idea
how fast you made it
down that hallway?
Well, you were cooking.
Really?
( Chuckles )
( Blowing )
( Whispers ):
Come on.
All right!
Good time, guys!
Yes, yes!
So, what do
you think, Ray?
I think I had a pebble
in my shoe.
Alex, I'd like you
to anchor
our shuttle relay team.
We could sure use you.
Well, I don't know.
I really don't like
to join things too much.
Alex, we've had one of
the state's best track teams.
But somehow,
the past three years
we seem to have lost our edge.
Last year...
We didn't even
win a meet.
You could help
put the school back
on the map.
Not to mention
to be considered
one of the coolest
kids in school.
Okay, why not?
All right, yes!
People never
really think about
how they can
affect history.
Miss Clark told us
all this fascinating
stuff
about the Spanish Civil War.
Loyalists versus nationalists
prelude to
World War II.
Tell us more about
the track team.
Well, I never realized
how fast I was.
Actually, I wouldn't
have even noticed
if it weren't for
Miss Clark.
You know, I haven't timed myself
in the 100 in years.
I was known to get down
the line pretty fast.
I'm a bit of
a speed-burner myself.
Well... perhaps
we'll race sometime.
I'll let the press know.
( Tapping glass )
With that in mind
I think it only fitting
that I make a toast.
To Alex.
Mrs. Mack:
Alex... that could
have just as easily
been Mom or Dad.
No, it couldn't,
they always knock.
Can I talk to you for a sec?
About what?
I hate to be
miss know-it-all...
No, you don't.
Okay, I don't...
( Chuckles )
But your school
is called
Danielle Atron
Junior High.
I know.
Look, I'm not going
to tell you again
what you can
and can't do, Alex
but you don't want
to do anything
that's going to draw
attention to yourself.
I guess all
I'm saying is
be careful.
I will, Annie.
Okay.
I'm always careful.
Almost always.
Yes!
What's the matter?
Be cool, you're glowing.
Oh, no.
It'll go away
in a second.
It sometimes happens
when my heart
beats really fast.
Better?
Yeah.
Okay, come on.
All right
nice work, you two.
Now, when you
pass the baton
you have to trust
each other.
How did it feel?
It felt great.
Yeah, fine.
Okay. Our first test
is against Peaceful
View on Saturday.
Yeah, district champs.
We can still give them
a fight, right?
Right.
All right, then.
( Exhales deeply )
Do you think
we really have a chance
against peaceful?
Not in all the events
but I do like our chances
in the shuttle relay.
Thanks.
All right.
Ray, this so cool.
And to be
running anchor?
I can't believe it.
I thought
you'd run anchor.
Yeah, so did I.
But hey,
if it can't be me
I'm glad
it's you, Alex.
Alex:
What's that doing here?
No idea, but let's go.
Yeah.
Alex: What's Vince
doing with Miss Clark?
Ray: Hey,
what's going on?
Let's go.
Alex:
Maybe Miss Clark and Vince
are old friends.
Or maybe
they're dating.
I don't know, Alex.
It's hard picturing
Vince dating anyone.
Yeah.
But why would Miss Clark
be handing him envelopes?
Handing who envelopes?
Nothing.
Oh, come on, you're covering up.
What?
No big deal, Annie.
We saw Miss Clark handing
Vince this big envelope.
But so what?
What?!
Ray!
Good old Ms. Clark
the world's greatest teacher.
Alex, forget about
Ms. Clark, and forget
about the track team.
Annie, I respect you
but this is Miss Clark
you're talking about.
You can't ditch her
or the team.
We need you.
I'm not going
to ditch the team.
Not yet, anyway.
( Sighs )
Mitch Gumpstein was seen making
very unusual noises
in sixth period biology.
A gurgling sound.
When asked, Mitch,
a seventh-grader, only replied
"Super Burrito."
That was from Mr. Krantz,
the science teacher.
( Burps loudly )
Excuse me.
I don't know.
It sounds
inconclusive to me.
You've read me 30 reports
and other than
a few gurgling stomachs
and the kid with
the double-jointed shoulder
I have nothing.
Is this what you're
about-- nothing?
Give me some
observable phenomenon.
Hang on,
Miss Atron.
The best is yet to come.
Read it, Vinnie...
I mean, Vince.
( Rats squeaking )
Okay, this is
from the history teacher
who also serves
as the track coach.
"No observable differences
to report as yet.
"However, the big track meet
should serve as an ideal test
"for unusual, physical
characteristics.
Miss Clark."
See, the track meet.
Beautiful.
Um...
I'm not convinced.
I mean, this isn't
what I'd envisioned at all.
Involving civilians like this
is highly dangerous.
I need results.
What was I thinking
when I allowed myself
to be talked into this?
I never liked the idea.
( Rats squeaking )
( Door slams )
The forms say "P.V. Chemical
student observation report."
Miss Clark is keeping tabs
on us for the Plant.
I guess this means
no more track for you.
No more relay team.
I don't know what to do.
I love being
on the track team.
I've never been
on a team before.
But what if Miss Clark
sees me glowing?
Tomorrow's the meet.
I don't know if we
can find somebody else.
It isn't fair, Ray.
I deserve to be
on that team.
It's all
because of them.
Alex:
Mom?
Surprise, honey.
A special carbo-load dinner
for that meet.
Now, remember,
your body is a temple.
The meet's been canceled.
What did you say?
Canceled.
Why?
Well, the track...
It's too muddy.
It's a muddy track.
That's a good boy.
( Kissing )
What're you doing?
( Door closes )
Show me your stuff.
Show me
your stuff.
( Rat squeaking )
What do you want?
Nothing.
Nothing?
Then what are you
doing here?
My plan.
What if it doesn't
work out?
You should have
thought of that
before you opened
your big mouth, David.
I know.
( Rat squeaking )
( Sighs )
Oh, come on,
Dave, be a man.
She's going
to fire me.
She could have fired you
a long time ago
but she didn't.
( Rat squeaking )
I'm scared.
Look... it's not
your fault.
If I hadn't sent those shock
waves through your brain
you never would have
thought about it.
Do you still hate me?
Yes.
But things could change
if we get results
at the track meet tomorrow.
Ray, this is Ryan.
He's a pole vaulter.
He'll run third
and you'll anchor
if Alex really
doesn't show up.
She's not going
to show up
so do what
you're going to do.
Don't worry
about running fast.
The hand-off
is most important.
Just don't drop the thing
and we have a chance.
Vince:
Excuse me.
( Whistles )
I'll be right back, Ray.
Go loosen up.
When was the Spanish Civil War
and how did it end?
1936 to 1939, when Madrid fell
to Franco's army.
You know the subject matter
pretty well.
I'm impressed.
It's Miss Clark's class.
She makes history seem
so important.
It doesn't make sense.
Alex, you can't run in that race
so just
forget about it.
My team is counting on me.
Is the team more important
than your safety?
I can't live my whole life being
afraid of the Plant, Annie.
One, two, three, four, five...
All:
Break!
There you go!
Yes!
Man: The last event of the
day, the shuttle relay.
And may the best team win?
I got a cousin
in Peaceful View.
He can't stand that place.
Alex:
Ray!
What are you doing?
Vince and Dave are here.
I don't care.
I want to run anyway.
Man:
Runners to your marks.
Great, I'll take over
for Ryan
and you are our anchor
against Mr. happiness
over here.
You just lost the only
chance you ever had.
( Gun fires )
( Crowd cheering )
( Cheering continues )
( Crowd cheering, applauding )
Vince:
Excuse me.
Way to go, Al.
My career in track
is officially over.
I'm going to tell Miss Clark
and I'm going to enjoy it.
Nice running.
You creamed them.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Vince: You agreed to
participate, Miss Clark.
I'm sorry,
I'm withdrawing.
Look, I don't know
what you really want
but I did my own research.
You work for the Plant
as head of security.
What does head of security
have to do with this?
I do a lot of projects
for Miss Atron.
Miss Clark:
Well, that may be so
but I no longer buy
your "child athlete
of the year" stuff.
If you would like me to speak
to Miss Atron personally
I'd be happy to.
Oh, please don't mention
my name if you do.
As I said...
I won't be
filling out your forms.
Please leave.
Not until those forms
are filled out.
Then you'll be here
a long time.
You want to cha-cha
with me?
We can get
into it
right here.
You lay one finger
on me, sir
I'll call the police so fast,
your head will spin.
No, you listen
to me, Miss...
( Knocking )
Excuse me.
Can I talk to you
for a second...
Miss Clark?
Sure, Alex.
I'll be speaking again with you
real soon, Miss Clark.
Nice race, Alex.
I heard a rumor
that you might not
make it.
I'm glad I did.
I actually stood up
for my beliefs.
In what way?
It's a long story
almost as interesting
as the Spanish
Civil War, though.
Really?
I'd love to hear it.
Maybe someday.
Things are looking bad
for me, Vince.
Yes, they are, Dave.
Captioned by Grant Brown
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org